but today we are going to teach bertini f1 goal
south
in the f1 south goal is a cane that comes
tight with all its yellow fuji and
will contact the brochures thread
our blue and rock character of
invest in three shots we know that the
Mobile part goes from top to bottom
then he mounted a pointer and came
I personally like it a lot too
because it is a pointer that is not too
soft pointer up follows
silveiro but a little bit more
stronger what will give us that
Martin very well applied to large
distances
a good thing that this rod has
unplug the nick plug that is called
invented by your bertini and his
characteristic is that it is a shock that
go into wedge then that we
provides the
by aligning the rings quickly
plugged in perfectly and it's
very fast to align it
as you see
it's pretty nice an action of 100 200
grams 4 meters 20
my nation that so much to move forward for
long distances distances for more
that the fish
I have here you have the new south metal f1
finally say that these reeds
we have the investment would go fuji and of
investment with advertising rings
these vowels you can find them on
fishing day puntocom